sure there have been puzzle games in the
arcades and sure they've been on home
consoles but let's be honest the true
test of any puzzle game is how well it
entertains you on the road it's been
that way since Tetris the short burst
pick up and go action is ideal for
handouts and well making people on the
bus wonder what the hell you're doing it
was only natural that puzzle fighter
bull named super puzzle fighter 2 turbo
though there was no regular speed needed
no puzzle fighter one would eventually
be adapted to the up-and-coming Game Boy
Advance while porting a PlayStation game
to the GBA seems kind of ridiculous in
hindsight the one part that made it
intact was the gameplay so at least they
had the priorities in order for them
maybe 15 of you out there who haven't
played puzzle fighter yet four colors of
gems fall from the top of the screen
I'll pull you up oh yo style though just
collecting a bunch of them together
isn't enough to remove them from either
side of the screen it just rubbed
themselves together into more and more
imposing configurations instead you need
to connect to crash gem those spherical
looking ones to gems of the same color
which make them shatter and make huge
mess and make your super chibi Street
Fighter or Darkstalkers avatar there in
the middle actually do something mind
there's no health bar or anything you're
just flinging garbage blocks under your
opponent's side but unlike poyo and
somewhat like puzzle League these
impediments can not only be removed by
creating a reaction near them but will
eventually turn into real gems that can
make for delayed reaction combos further
punishing your opponent for throwing
that crap over here in the first place
while some aspects are rather weak in
this gameboy advance version
the graphics are grainy to the point
that the included artwork is pretty much
illegible the sound effects are
repetitive and every color sound tests
and other unlock involves having to take
down a vicious computer opponent you're
on a train or on a long car ride and
you've got nothing but time
you don't care how weird you look
throttling you GBA or PSP with the
capcom puzzle world collection judicious
is that computer opponent is it's still
damned fun snatching defeat from the
jaws of victory in this turnabout later
game that is until your girlfriend
reveals herself to be a tenth level
super puzzle fighter 2 turbo grandmaster
mistress capable of decimating the
fiercest of opponents with distressing
ease I think you know someone